Clarify EROR is not retroactive (#6481)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/campaign_analytics.md

##### Estimated real open rate {#estimated-real-open-rate}

This statistic uses a proprietary analytical model created by Braze to reconstruct an estimate of the campaign's unique open rate as if machine opens did not exist. While we receive labels of "Machine Opens" on some open events from email senders (see above), these labels can often label actual opens as real opens. In other words, the "Other Opens" are likely an underestimate of real opens (by actual users). Instead, Braze uses click data from each campaign to infer the rate at which actual humans opened the message. This compensates for various machine opening mechanisms, including Apple’s MPP.

The displayed statistic is generated 36 hours after email sending has begun. It will only run for scheduled email campaigns (one-time or recurring). If a campaign recurs, the estimate will be recalculated 36 hours after another send occurs.

###### Limitations

> - Estimated Real Open Rate is only available in campaigns. This metric is not reported in Current events.
> - This metric is not retroactively calculated for past campaigns.
> 
> {% alert note %}
> This metric is being gradually rolled out and may not appear in your campaign analytics just yet.
> {% endalert %}

Author: ```suggestion
- Estimated Real Open Rate is being gradually rolled out and may not appear in your campaign analytics just yet.
- Additionally, Estimated Real Open Rate is:
   - Only available in campaigns
   - Not reported in Current events
   - Not retroactively calculated for past campaigns
```
